In this lecture, we are taking some security features into our create PDF method, the library we use
for PDF.
Convergence supports a way of securing PDF like signing providing a password protection.
And should we just enhance our way how we handle PDF or creating a PDF and we try to add something to
make it more secure.
So for implementation, we add a few more things that will allow us to make the pdf secure.
Let's introduce new create PDF variable called security.
We have to specify it of course, so we can just say a true here when we call creating a PDF and to
that enabled we we use something called a stamper.
So stamper is the way we can specify many different PDF options, so we create an instance of a PDF
Stamper.
Here we use kind of reader of that pdf.
We create a bi array for keeping output and when enabled we can we call a stamper set encryption and
we can see several options here.
We can see we can provide your user password only password.
We can set a few PDF options like allowing printing or not allowing modifying content, copy pasting
and things like that.
And we can even set encryption encryption level.
If there is no need for it, we need to specify more options.
We can do it using a pipe operator
and to when this stamper is being used, we can just restart our application.
We can see something is not good on the console.
So let's just check it and maybe restart the entire application.
So now let's reload application in the browser, download the PDF file and we have the PDF file here,
so let's check it.
We opened the PDF file created and PDF Viewer.
We switched to permissions and settings just to review permissions.
We can't modify or copy this document.
We can see a detail.
So the only thing enabled is printing.
The other stuff is actually disabled.
So this is exactly as we defined using a pdf stamper.
Okay.
So we have we have set that
permissions.
In the code and those permissions are being respected by the PDF viewer.
We have many options here that can be combined.
Besides that, we can even set password required for opening the PDF.
The password is a standard way for protecting opening pdf.
We.
If we are sending PDFs to someone else, we can specify a password for protecting displaying content.
To do so, we just need to specify a password as byte by bytes array.
It's very easy.
So if if we specify a password this way it's created in PDF file and the PDF viewer is asking for a
password before the PDF is being displayed.